## Isaac Morales ##
### Homework #10 ###
1. planning that proceeds throughout the project- more adaptive, i think that this is the type of planning used in game development. Intensive planning that is carried out once the SRS is completed- this type of planning is probably used in construction of smaller software.
2. Figure 9.1 essentially shows that the earlier a project is in development, the harder it will be to determine a price. As the project continues, The team will have a greater grasp on how much work will need to be completed on the project. Therefore the software price will be more concise. 
3. Internal costs- personnel salaries, and overhead costs such as utilities or rent. External Costs- what the client ends up paying.
4.  Creating source code does not tell the whole story- There is so much work that goes into code than is visible. In my programming languages class i spend time going from language to language, and figuring out how to write basic programs in a new language takes a lot of work. Not all System code is sent to the client- the client is only given finish product, they do not see all the different iterations and work that goes into it, neither do they pay for it by the LOC standard. Using code generators- does not reflect accurately on the amount of work that actually went into the project. 2 different languages will lead to different outputs- using the LOC standard will prevent a fair price. Basic operations in most languages will take two lines, but if you do anything in assembly it takes exponentially longer. 
5.   Function Point Analysis (FPA) is a sizing measure of clear business significance. The measure relates directly to the business requirements that the software is intended to address. It uses a standardized set of criteria, and each of the business functions are given a numeric index according to complexity. The indices are totaled up and that number represents an initial size. This is later normalized with a number of factors that relate to the software. The end result is the Function point index. I could not find any equations in my research.
6.   Section 5.5 project planning - As it suggests, It discusses the in's and out's of project planning through 4 sub clauses: Estimation, staffing, resource acquisition, and project staff training. Estimation covers the projected costs of the project by accounting for time frame, tools needed, staff, etc. The staffing sub-clause specifies the number of staff that will be required per phase of development by individual skill of the staff. It also specifies how long each member will be needed, what resources are available to them, and appropriate charts to physical represent them. Resource acquisition covers the plan for acquiring and releasing the resources, in addition to which staff members will have them at what times. Finally the project staff training covers what appropriate training will be required to give each individual staff member based off their skill level and respective project assignment. 
7.   I have not been very diligent on providing appropriate documentation on my project. Mostly due to confusion on what the appropriate format is, however it does not excuse the lack of work. In the future I will aim to update my documentation on every consecutive phase in each iteration. This will guarantee that my documentation is always the most up to date that it can be.
8.   The lack of appropriate documentation will reflect that you do not know what the software is. Documentation provides you with evidence to your work with diligent testing logs, updates, and design changes. Without a written record of what work you have done there is no true evidence that you completed any of the work presented in the final product. 