##Home Work#5##
### Isaac Morales ###

1. Operation-Oriented Design has the objective of designing modules with high cohesion, while Data Oriented Design thinks about the data that is to be used, and focuses on the structure of it first.
2. Inputs of the design process is the specification document. The specification document is essentially an abbreviated SRS, and says what the product should do. The output is the finished design document, and provides a description of how the product is to achieve what it should do.
3. Input variables - Final grades, and Distinctions. Processing variables- Account holds and current grades. Output- graduation decision. A student attempting to graduate will have to submit their final grades and any distinctions they may hold. The current pending grades and any holds on their account must be processed after the application for graduation is entered. Ultimately the output is whether or not the applicant can graduate.
4. Submit the application for graduation with any final grades for credits taken. Apply the grades to each class on the graduation sheet as necessary. Process the current pending grades, and check for any account holds or disciplinary referrals that would cause a delay in graduation decision. After all that has been processed, provide the student with his graduation answer.
5. Class - Student Class. Attributes - Final grades, current grades, Account, Distinctions. Methods - Get/set Final grades, current grades, account, etc., evaluate decision.
6. For my project, being a chess game, I believe that the design process being iterative in itself including testing, implementation, and analysis phases. A game needs a fluid design form in order to fix issues as they come, and to make any small design changes as needed.
7. When testing for the implementation, the developer is  essentially checking whether or not the program compiles. When checking the design, the developer is looking for how it was implemented, as in is it an efficient implementation, is there any unnecessary syntax, or if there was a better design to use altogether. Graduation(applicant){evaluateGraduation()}.
8. M = edges - nodes + 2* exit points. Figure 1 has 11 edges, 10 nodes, and 1 exit point so:         M = 11-10 + 2*1 = 3
9. I have not personally used one before, and so I researched them. from what I can tell it seems like a handy tool for modern application development. I am not too sure of all that I could do with it, but I do believe that this is something that can be widely used in any application development.
10. I thought it was definitely an interesting read. I think i forget sometimes how ever-present software truly is. As much as I think I know about software, it seems like I sometimes forget about how widely it is used. It blows my mind to think about how complex and well written the code that goes into a shuttle's programming is. I think their description of the software development process was a bit excessive, but justified considering what they are writing it for.