##Homework #7##
###Isaac Morales###
1. Testing should be constantly done as described by the spiral development method. This is necessary to consistently check and revise the software requirements as needed.
2. verification is the process of checking that a created software matches the needs as specified in the SRS. Validation is the process of checking whether or not the SRS captures the needs of the customer. Both are quality control topics that deal with checking quality in terms of the SRS requirements. 
3. Execution based testing is specifically testing the code for syntax errors, and how it performs, while, non-execution is essentially code reviewing.
4. quality is the grade of the program. This encompasses topics like how efficient the code is, does it suffer any errors, or does it function like it is supposed to.
5. Having a fresh pair of eyes on code can be beneficial, as they may see something the implementors did not see. The implementors may also be biased on their code, and not want to change to a different implementation that the testers recommend. 
6. correctness proofs are a mathematical method for showing that an algorithm produces the correct output. Execution testing is testing the actual code to see if it runs, and produces the correct output. I would argue that Execution testing is the better technique, as it is physically testing the code, and will ultimately provide more definitive results.
7. This article touches on the subject of the ever growing presence of software in our everyday lives. In the beginning of the piece the author refers to several software failures, and how we have software that keeps software from failing. This circular dependence will certainly spell a disaster if we can not learn now to better understand the software that goes into commonly found systems. Ultimately we enjoy the fruits of the labor of the few in a software rich society, but if we do not learn how to better use software, and educate the populace, we will be living in a software apocalypse.
8. I believe that we do live in a society heavily dominated by software. Because of this i believe that if the majority does not start educating themselves, we will be barreling towards a software apocalypse. Automation is the future we are looking at. This will involve completely human free work environments, monitor-less systems,and a higher quality of life. But this will also mean full autonomy to software and machines. so what does happen when the software designed to watch software ultimately fails? This idealistic future has a very fragile system. 