## Homework #8 ##
### Isaac Morales ###
1. I am approaching this chapter with an open mind, viewing this as a possible series of steps, but also as a modular set of steps that you can use as needed. If i were a methodology I would view it more generic like, and see how it can be used to apply to other aspects of computer science, and other disciplines.
2. I believe that it is true, as the SWD cycle happens in iterations of improvements. I see this to be relatively similar to our class discussion. However the book only sees it as being the four steps discussed, and does not talk about how the process repeats, as we have discussed in class.
3. Requirements- compile the needs of the customers, and determine the application domain. Analysis- analyze and refine the requirements of the software to be developed. Design- Essentially is used to say how a software is to be implemented, more specifically to refine artifacts of the analysis until its clear and concise. Implementation- implement the aforementioned software in accordance with the design work flow's description.Test- test the implemented code
4. The software project management plan essentially handles the business side of the software development process, meaning anything from update deadlines to customer relations. This could not replace the formal SWD cycle as it does not handle formal development.
5. All of the testing requirements for each artifact seem to stand in line with the two requirements of the testing work-flow. Being that a developer is responsible for their work, and so they must test and retest it personally, and that once the software professional is convinced of an artifact, it is handed to the SQA for independent testing.
6. In a spiral development i would say place it at the end of testing. This seems like the most chronologically sound placement for a process that is going to repeat itself, as you cannot really do post-maintenance on software that is not complete. 
7. I do not believe them to be mutually exclusive, as the SWD can be viewed as a methodology of adaptable steps. However, looking objectively at what is present in the book they are quite different in concept. the book tends to suggest that the unified process is an almost conjoined process with each step mixing into another at gradual amounts, while our class method is clear and concise of what phase you are on.
8. An apparent fundamental difference exists just by merit of one being a two-dimensional concept while the other is one-dimensional. That being so in practice the stages will essentially be the same.
9. I think that there is only a difference by merit of what they seek to improve. Software improvement implies direct focus on the software, while software process improvement implies improvement of the process of software development. Ultimately they will both provide the same result of higher quality software. SPI is definitely a necessity to Software engineering, however I do wonder how much the SWD can be improved upon. 
