## Isaac Morales ##
### Homework #12 ###
1. The purpose of a class is to define the attributes and methods of an object for the purpose of constructing that specific object. where aspects seem to just contain instructions to execute at certain designated areas in the code.
2. Thinking of the platform is something that should be done in the analysis phase. Between the developer and client, they should be able to determine the best method. When drawing up the design of the software it may be determined that the chosen platform was not the best or even how to target the software to multiple platforms. 
3. UWP (Universal Windows Platform) is an app developer for windows 10 that allows you to develop with one API/ app package. By doing this, it can be universally downloaded onto any platform using windows 10, hence the Universal part. 
4. Visual studio code features pre-made components to help developers avoid having to remake GUI and other minor features. It is as simple as pointing to the component and dragging it into the code window. It certainly helps the time it takes to develop code. In return, it takes away a certain amount of autonomy in a coder, and encourages a certain level of laziness. 
5. Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) is a form of cloud computing that provides virtualized computing resources over the internet. Platform as a service (Paas) is a category of cloud computing services that provides a platform allowing customers to develop, run, and manage applications without having to build and maintain the infrastructure. Software as a service (Saas) is a form of cloud computing that eliminates the need for downloading software directly onto the computers, and is instead licensed via paid subscription, and is centrally hosted. All of these services make use of modern cloud based computing and storage. They implement it different ways in order to easily provided services to clients.
6. see XML_menuMarkup
7. this may be more user end than developer, however using password requirements, and enforced time-sensitive password changes will help immensely. All this involves is requiring certain amount of characters in the password including uppercase, lowercase, and special characters in tandem. Enforcing password changes would involve the user being required to change their password every so often in order to ensure their password security. With these in play, the chances of a users password being hacked are significantly decreased, and even if by chance their password is left laying around it may be out of date and invalid. 
8. In *A Relational model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks* the author discusses the issues facing modern data storage. The author demonstrates the benefits of switching to a relational model over the network model. The author argues that the network model creates confusion between connected and related data. The relational model allows for the data to be stored and referenced across different domains of their own relation. 